feat: add kubelet systemd service hardening option (#9194)
kubernetes-sigs/kubespray: docs/vars.md

  [kubelet-rubber-stamp](https://github.com/kontena/kubelet-rubber-stamp).

* *kubelet_streaming_connection_idle_timeout* - Set the maximum time a streaming connection can be idle before the connection is automatically closed.

* *kubelet_make_iptables_util_chains* - If `true`, causes the kubelet ensures a set of `iptables` rules are present on host.

* *kubelet_systemd_hardening* - If `true`, provides kubelet systemd service with security features for isolation.

  **N.B.** To enable this feature, ensure you are using **`cgroup v2`** on your system. Check it out with command: `sudo ls -l /sys/fs/cgroup/*.slice`. If directory does not exists, enable this with the following guide: [enable cgroup v2](https://rootlesscontaine.rs/getting-started/common/cgroup2/#enabling-cgroup-v2).

  * *kubelet_secure_address* - By default *kubelet_systemd_hardening* set the **control plane** `ansible_host` IPs as the `kubelet_secure_address`. In case you have multiple interfaces in your control plane nodes and the `kube-apiserver` is not bound to the default interface, you can override them with this variable.
    Example:
  

>     The **control plane** node have 2 interfaces with the following IP addresses: `10.0.0.110`, `192.168.1.110`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **control plane** node may have 2 interfaces with the following IP addresses: `eth0:10.0.0.110`, `eth1:192.168.1.110`.
```

>     By default the `kubelet_secure_address` is set with the `10.0.0.110` because it is the address used by ansible to connect to the machine. In case you set the `kube-apiserver` to listen to `192.168.1.110`, then you can override the variable in this way: `kubelet_secure_address: "192.168.1.110"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default the `kubelet_secure_address` is set with the `10.0.0.110` the ansible control host uses `eth0` to  connect to the machine. In case you want to use `eth1` as the outgoing interface on which `kube-apiserver` connects to the `kubelet`s, you should override the variable in this way: `kubelet_secure_address: "192.168.1.110"`.
```
